What it is from downtown Los Angeles or downtown adjacent Los Angeles from
MacArthur Park where Richard Harris sang a really really long terrible song
about Carman Town is now in session. Let's bring up. Don't think of it as losing a
game master. I think of it as gaining a Rob Schrupp.
Rob Schrupp behind the desk. Where I belong. Where you belong. Where you belong. Let's bring out a mayor for one time.
You know him. His name is Dan Harmon.
Thank you. It's cold. It's not cold out here.
The top of this desk Daniel. The top of this desk is very cold. I'm just feeling air.
Okay. Thank you. Ask not what you can do for your country.
Ask what your country can do for you. Where is Spencer? Where is Spencer? What have we done?
Where is Spencer? Do we know? I didn't kill him. We just we just we just started
having a big fight in the green room. You and me. I wasn't aware of this. Why? What
did you what did you do? It's a diehard. Like you just like I don't even want to
forget it. I'm sorry I brought it up. What was the beef? It was it was just a
Rob is misremembering diehard stuff. And I just watched diehard again around
Christmas time because as we all know it's a Christmas movie. And we were
talking about the number of times like the runner of John McClain rolling his
eyes at California culture as he arrives. He's going to cross the threshold. So so
in no necessary order let's enumerate them. You're mixing and matching like
there are women hitting on him. That's about his marriage to Holly Gennaro.
Yes. Okay. The flight attendant. Yes. I almost called her a stewardess but that
would have been fine in diehard times. She gives him Google eyes and he's like
whatevs. I think that's just no he's he's my perception is he's like it's gonna be
difficult. It's gonna be difficult to to not fuck people that aren't my wife. He
flew out to why are they getting a divorce? Why is because because she chose
her career and went to New York and he was like in a like a silently abusive
male who was like not putting his hands on her but was like I'm a New York cop.
He explains this all to Argyle. Like he has no reason to lie. He explains it to
Argyle. He goes I'm a New York cop. Like I got cases to solve. I'm not gonna up and
leave for Los Angeles. Who's Argyle? Oh the the the fucking limo. See all right. I don't know. There was a guy in the
in the in the in the plane that said take your socks off and I thought oh his
name is Argyle that makes sense but I was wrong. Oh is that that it's kind of a
David Lynch thing right? There's like one guy says take your socks off. My name is
Commander Soxson like that that would be like a David Lynch thing like but you
forget what I was you never got a chance to let me finish my thought that the
whole reason like there is a there is a the first person to play John McClane
was Frank Sinatra. Oh right yeah no that's very interesting to me. I'm not
being sarcastic. Yes because they made they're okay so Die Hard is made on up
is based off of a book. I don't know the name of the book. Somebody look it up
all right. I'm sure it's out there somewhere. Anyway it's just snakes on a
plane. Snakes on a plane. The original 1934 Joseph Conrad novel. Okay so there
so Die Hard the book it's not called Die Hard the book but let's just say Die
Hard the book is a sequel to another story of another book featuring John
McClane that was already made into the into a movie starring Frank Sinatra. So
the character's name was John McClane? I think so but it's based off of the it's
the same series. I think they switched it up a little bit. I don't know. I haven't
seen this movie. I would like to hang out with you. So Frank Sinatra played a
character in a film called John and the character's name was John McClane. It's
a I don't I think they might have changed the name or whatever. I don't know
I don't have it in front of me but it is the thing the point is is that when they
made Die Hard they had to go to Frank Sinatra who I think was in his 70s at
the time and say hey do you want to play John McClane. Contractually they had to
go to him and he would what no and and they went oh okay because we already cast
it with somebody else. Okay so some problems solve themselves. Well he was
70 he's not gonna do Yippee-ki-yay motherfucker and shooting the glass and
the hose walking you know he's not gonna do that. He's 70 so Frank Sinatra but
she's 70 man. They got Sinatra Ranch a helicopter landed and like two guys could
come out in suits with take their hats off. Mrs. Sinatra is Frank home. She's
like she opens the door wider and he comes with the IV bag on the rack and
he's like what do you want baby and and they go Mr. Sinatra do you want to
play a 1982 action hero or 1986, 87 when was Die Hard? Do you want to play do you
want to do you want to pick up where the star wait were you either gonna use you
or this or the star of the Seagrams wine cooler commercials. And he said ring a
ding ding Jack. Okay good we're glad you said that because Jesus Christ that was
a close one because we're halfway through shooting. Ring a ding ding Jack instead
of Yippee-ki-yay motherfucker. This is kind of a sequel to last week's show
because you were saying Yippee-ki-yay references. I was. Is that a question?
Yeah listen to the recording. Was I here? All right well I apologize for the
show tonight it's rainy no one wants to be here except you guys I'm sure and
we'll make it worth your while. And Spencer. The rest of the country is
freezing freezing freezing it's been raining here. Oh my god it's so cold. I
like the church has two seats taped off next to her like she doesn't like human
contact. It's just seats reserved for your the the poles. Or the mania and
depression reserved for like don't come near me. I almost hit I almost hit
somebody tonight with my car. With your car. Thank you for your applause. Weird
hallmark theater version of the devil. Oh I love where are they Adams family
they like this soap this soup is cold I love it. What show? The Adams family sorry.
What show? Never mind just come on. He met the monsters. No no it's the Adams
family they're like they're like that's how do you like my dress it's it's dark
it's tattered it looks like a funeral gown I love it. Gomez you were terrible
last night please do it again. Do you think that extends to like do they end
up just randomly inverting things like if the Adams family lasted 30 seasons
but they just be like I'm standing in this chair because I love hate it and
they're just like floating around the room like cubes are circles I see because
they're not I sneezed backwards and drank all these boogers you seriously
think about it you couldn't you couldn't make like you couldn't make the
Adams family movie these days because there's too much like we feel like we're
pressing up against the edges of evil right because the that was like a very
Clinton era like kind of thing like you could be punk rock like let's remake the
Adams family because who doesn't want to be it was like like like oh Lydia in
Beetlejuice is Wednesday Adams so let's do the Adams family okay that's fun like
who doesn't feel like an Adams in when they're in high school but the the the
answer is everyone who's like feels like their life is in danger now it's like
like if you were if you really go down the road of what the Adams family
like the bits they'd be doing it would be like I can't even I can't even riff
examples I'll get booed off the stage because of the examples the misfits the
the ne'er-do-wells the people in the back of the bus the people the the square
pigs the round holes of life these people that's who you're voting for when
you turn 18 Wednesday who is the most divisive candidate good girl
which which school would you like to go to Columbine oh you're such a oh you're
such an Adams you're so on theme with your Adams-ness you want to go to the
bloodiest place for school now see I told you and if I tell you you're not
allowed to be offended it's called getting out in front of it look it up on
your precious internet that kicked me off of it
I got nothing to do now but collect cookies on my iPad and I was in the car
with Dan on the way here and he was collecting all those cookies did he hit
anybody oh yeah so I almost hit somebody it wasn't because I was caught
there's the whole audience is now the guys in top hats delicious I just got
controlled by Schrab somebody's got to take control somebody's got to get this
train into the station somebody's got to keep the fucking bells ringing on time
and I wasn't collecting cookies and I got a text I wasn't doing anything
particularly say Rob has a text Rob has a text this comes from Kris Boruff in
the sound booth your peas are popping my peas are popping no apparently the
Frank Sinatra movie nothing lasts forever and that was written by Roderick
Thorpe all right anyways I almost hit a young lady I like I I want to minimize it
by saying she was dressed like a ninja but she was you know it was yoga pants
and a sweater it wasn't the brightest sweater in the world it's look it's my
fault I'm in the one in the vehicle but it's like it's a weird thing because I
wasn't really doing anything irresponsible I just wasn't driving as if
you might hit someone any moment like it just got too comfortable so used to
like get off the freeway you doing the Tesla hands-free like no no no no it's
just get off the freeway and like psychologically in like autopilot not
actual Tesla autopilot like just sort of like this is what I do every day this is
there's no no there's never pedestrians around here I just had that
experience of like she was jogging and she I just sort of like I didn't I'm so
used to taking this corner and I just kind of like yeah I slowed down but
there's no stop sign there so I'm gonna I slowed out a little bit and then I'm
gonna take this corner and as I'm taking this corner there there's this
person and they're jogging and I slam into the brakes and she looks over her
shoulder hearing the silent plaintiff whale of a Tesla coming to a halt and
she kind of like like lip-sync some stuff and I can't hear her because of my
amazing car that seals off all sound and air and she kind of like jogs away a
mute a mute poor person calling her pointless cries into the filthy air
that I don't have to breathe in my Tesla this story is getting charming but I
just I was I was like very yeah I know it's like the sliding doors moment you
know because I could have just tapped you know I might have just tapped her on
her on her on her hip and surely she would have like full boom you know like
all of it's like there's a zero-sum game when it comes to your car colliding with
a pedestrian you either do it or you don't even if she hadn't been seriously
injured like you just like kind of like if a car just slides into you at two
miles an hour you like she would ragdolled off of my hood just imagine I
wouldn't be here tonight imagine your whole life could it would be changed I
don't know what my point is nothing matters vote for Ron Perlman zero sums game
God okay all right come on let's bring out our guest
explain yourself he's here promoting his upcoming comedy central special which
was last month but he had to reschedule so please welcome Ron Funches
what's up Ron hi Jeff how's it going man good how are you I'm good I'm a
little I've been traveling and I'm a little sleepy but I'm kind of in that
Ron Funches kind of mellow zone that's good zone being are you actually this
mellow or is this like a put-on like a do you is Ron Funches actually this much
Funches I mean I didn't enjoy that pun I don't go away I aspire to be in that
mellow zone that you're in it's not bad yeah how would we ever know if you're
silently raging though I guess you wouldn't because I'll be silent as you
were in tune with me like a lot of people who are less I think pleasant than
you well less pleasant than you if we were to act like you usually do like it
would for us of the less pleasant variety it might be a warning sign that we
were upset about something that makes sense oh if you were to act like me yeah
if we were like so osmyotic osmodic osmodically kind of like permeable like
you're you're always like hey Ron how you doing I'm doing good I'm fine and
it's like if if if someone asked me how I'm doing and I said that it might mean
that I was very upset my mean you hit that lady with your body the we talk
about this before on the show I was behind you at an airport and I thought
it was you but you like you were in front of me so I didn't see your face but I
thought I think that's Ron and you got stopped by airport security and you got
the the full Monty you like they you got pat down the whole thing and you were
the only non-white person at that airport I don't remember where it was
like maybe Washington or something and you got the whole thing and you were
just chill fucking groovy like like like I would have been fucking pissed off but
you you were you just like let it happen well man I'm usually pray you're chill
about it because I do have drugs with me so you got to play a cool yeah that's
the always the thing that makes me laugh I'm always like oh you guys are so
thorough was there a transition for you were you as a six-year-old child on the
playground were you easygoing and pleasant and giggly and cuddly or did
you have a come to Jesus like John the Baptist holy shit like if we flash back
to you there's an origin story where you're like putting thumbtacks under
frogs what it's something John the Baptist did I guess no one's supposed to
unpack my language that much just to get the general just to the question yeah
people usually just go with whatever you say yeah yeah what are you guys Pete
Holmes or something listening to what I asked and revealing that it makes no
sense my question is like yeah like what were you were you always yeah learned
habit or this is who I am have you gone through epiphanies threshold yeah
everybody does you know everybody goes through growth personal change is people
you know and I've gone through enough I think I have enough personal traumas like
my life's never been like easy so like I would have single parent my mom's a
single parent and we moved into from Chicago or from LA to Chicago and lived
in a rough area and then my mom was in like an abusive relationship and with
you yeah I wasn't good not a funny joke yeah it's not good I mean just let
me know sometimes you got to pick your moment yeah I mean yeah you don't ask
me a question in there undercut my life tell me the deep dark secrets about who
makes you who you are and then also I'm gonna make a bud Joe part part part
you mean you eat a fart if you eat a fart sandwich yeah yeah yeah so I got what
I deserve let it go and keep answering yeah
so I just stuff like that and then my life and then my son and you know and my
son has had had some very young when he was 20 and then he found out he had
autism my time was 22 and and I kind of was just like I think I just had enough
things kind of tweak my brain where I was like oh I know what I want to do and
I'm gonna just try to do this and and once I started getting a little it wasn't
always good I was a you know in my early 20s I wasn't like a great person I
didn't know I was doing I was a float just kind of being like a shitty nerd you
know when you know when you're like oh I get picked on and things have been bad
for me so my life owes me shit right you know and then I just had a point where
I realized like nothing was coming to me I had to go and get whatever I was
going to get and were there any moments like that you remember where you that
were like like external stimulations whether they were like events or
conversations where you were like oh and from that and then that's when I
realized oh shit I've been doing this this way and I should do it this way
now instead like like were there any like defining moments is where it was
where I don't know I'm I mean my is what I'll undercut and then I'll I mean the
most moment that I think that put me into like high gear and my most
motivating moment was a little bit after I found out my son was diagnosed with
autism and then I went into this park that I had always taken my son to when
he was young and younger he was two at the time he was diagnosed so I'm just
like one or this is also the same park that I used to smoke weed in when I was
in high school and me and my girlfriend would just go hang out and make out there
who eventually was my ex-wife and and we're there and we find out that you
know we're just kind of shell-shocked and just kind of talking about it and then
we see like a group of disabled adults and their caretakers kind of pull
up to the park as well and the way that the caretakers spoke to them and
treated them was very dismissive and very cruel and you treat them more like
if they were prisoners than then people to be looked after and at that point I
was like oh I have to figure out a career I have to figure out something this
is bigger than me and whatever I'm doing like I guess this is before that you
started doing comedy yeah so and then you chose comedy out of that epiphany
yeah so were you I just want to it's where for you guys to be on other each side
like this the that just focusing in on that moment just to understand it you
you this caretakers being flippant abusive whatever as if they were like
prisoners then we're yelling at where you was your epiphany because you felt
like oh that's a shitty person and then did you see a little bit of your like
oh I've been a shitty person other where you thinking like I never want to be
that person I was more like I don't want to be like that and it was more like I
don't want that for my son and it would I guess I'm I guess I'm not really fun
okay when you're thinking it's more this is more motivating than me as a person I
think that anything is me as a person has been just well no way no that's good
like this story that's good that you're because I'm a narcissist so I'm thinking
about filing things oh you're a narcissist yeah really shocked you told
the story about you almost killed the lady you're like I could have been laid
she shouldn't have dressed like a ninja she had a bright white sweater on so like
like immediately caught myself revising I was like I'm gonna describe this story
this is something interesting to talk about she was dressed so darkly and like
she had a fucking white sweater on stop it but the but no the the idea that so
your answer the question is more interesting because you're feeling you
felt empathy for the disenfranchised in that moment and so what you were
feeling was those people need someone to be better for them and and only people
that are in a position to be better for them are people that have that option
and that that invited you upward to that plane is what I'm kind of
interpreting well mostly it was just like I gotta make a lot of money so my
son's never in this fucking position okay wow but did and you were what 22 you
said at the time mm-hmm and so you said I gotta make this money and did you when
was the decision to go to comedy like were you already kind of leaning in
that direction that yeah I always wanted to do it you know it's just the thing
that I was interested in but I think it was a real job and so I was like I knew
I needed a career and not just a job I was working at like this bank call
center and I hated it and I knew that I couldn't stay there what part of town
were you in and Salem or again yeah and so do you start like like doing open
mics and like yeah I start doing mics in Portland and and and then there's this
Chinese food restaurant in Salem that has this show but it's called Lucky
Fortune I've been there it's good in there yeah yeah so you know they would do
shows and you get Chinese food and the guy would sell bootleg movies after the
shows and it was just a good place for you to cut your crack cut your teeth you
know it was like they had an open mic there no just a show it was a show but
it wasn't good and so much might as well he'd always just lie and be like I
remember for years he he he was telling me that this this I already forgot the
name another story gonna be horrible so never mind but what do you do I'm
curious so you you if you have that epiphany so it's like it's your Buddha
moment you're like okay I like like my kid I if he slips through my fingers
he's gonna end up a ward of people like this guy that you saw in the park and so
then you go I gotta do what I love not just I gotta go get a job managing a
factory floor like it's about money but it's also about following your bliss so
what does somebody young do when they decide they want to take comedy
seriously like what are your first steps what you're like sitting there with a
manila a legal pad and a pencil or like like like describe those days yeah I
would I mean back then I was like right out full scripts of my jokes and stuff
and I'd like go over them and and try to memorize every word and did you include
people laughing in your head like like yeah and then I'll pause and then there'll
be all this laughter is it hold for applause and then I would even like fact
check my jokes thing like oh if someone someone here's this joke they might call
me out on the on the background so I better know about this that's very for
that for whatever that era was it's probably a little overly responsible of
you yeah no I over over prepare you were ready for today you're like vetting
your stand-up against the the ears of 25 million angry people what was a
threshold Ron from like being an open miker and then like did you did you move
to LA right away or no that would have been a bad decision but the front the
threshold from being like I'm gonna try this out to going oh this is working and
like I'm I'm now like like you're you're headlining you you're being like top
man I mean it took a little while you know I was doing shows and just going
around the country and I had my friend Will who would drive us around in his
mom's minivan and we would go and do shows and in book shows up and down
Salem and in other parts of Oregon in the northwest we just go to
different bars and just try to convince them the book of show and that we could
bring an audience in and we booked one show and then they realized that we
could not and so so we would just continue and move on that way and I did
that for a couple years and then just started getting better and getting more
name for myself and I would just you're making deals you were like Jim
henshinning it like the way he like sold the Muppet show and syndication you were
good at it you didn't have an agent that was like this here's Ron Funches and I'm
gonna book you on this circuit you're gonna open for so-and-so you work in
this business you I don't start with hey yeah no I had to book my own shows in a
lot of my you're going to bars and convincing them to have a venue in the
first place so that you could perform there and then you're making a deal with
them like take part of the door yeah yeah yeah me and my friend we kind of like
was my business partner and we just do that together he would we go scout
locations and just try to make deals and I ran around my own weekly show and
a coffee house and and those were them like the most pressure filled days
because a lot of times that would be like I was like oh I need to pass this hat
around for money so that I can come home and bring my son and my my ex-home food
and stuff you know I didn't I wasn't making like any money at that time what
do you say I mean there is like there are people in the world probably half of
my listeners like the idea of inoffensive comedy like it sounds like a
pejorative in terms of comedy oxymoronic contradictory the idea that you could be
funny without hurting people without taking anybody down without like
attacking without having without without wounding and things but you're pretty
much like your stand-up is giggle fit is a comedy central you also got your well
we'll talk about getting better in a second but but but like you would you
you you characterize your goal when you get on stage or maybe not your goal but
like your MO is like you don't you're not you're not leaving a body count right
you're not you're not like you're not hurting people I never understood that
as a theme of what comedy needs to be that there are I mean sure sometimes you
attack things but I think your job as a comedian I'm a student of comedy I love
comedy I've loved comedy since I was a young child and everything every good
comedian I saw it was like you you you speak truth to power you take down
people bigger than you you point out the inconsistencies in the status quo you
don't just attack people to attack people you don't just go like okay like
Mexicans or this like that like you're that's building the status quo that's
reinforcing like what people are saying when when when your job usually is that
you're as a jester you don't make fun of the towns people you make fun of the
king you know so like I I take that job think that
seriously so do you do some do you do some punching up in your opinion I mean
is it like like it's it is punching but it's punching up I mean a little bit for
most part I'm also very I mean I guess I would say I'm narcissistic in my own
ways in the regard like I prefer just talking about me in my life and what's
going on that's what's exciting to me I've never been excited about those type
of things I mean I think my mom my mom just my mom just said she's like we're
just she's like we're not very passionate people she's just explaining that
to company when they come over yeah you have to understand the punches are not
passionate people I don't care about much I care about my son I care about my
family I care about few things but like I it would be very just not truthful of
me to go up there and be this is what I'm talking about this is what I'm upset
right I gotta I got ten minutes about about abortion legislation because I'm
like so focused on that because I have so many right like last year there was
like six comedy specials I watched a lot of comedy specials and stuff still
like six last year all with like he's Caitlyn Jenner jokes I know it's even
hacked even talk about nothing but I was just like why did you guys care so much
who what did you give a fuck like who you that's how you spend your day yeah
we're sitting around thinking about Caitlyn Jenner and what Caitlyn Jenner
not a person worth talking about whoa shots fire I think this cycle that
happens my theory about it is from talking to my therapist about just like
generally like about how positive and negative shit sticks and whatever and
how negative shit sticks so much easier and then so it's like jokes that we
remember they're they're they're often attached to satire and like like like
somebody gets taken down a peg or something happens something shifts oh
that person made that joke and then that was like a kaboom yeah and and it
sticks in your memory for the same reason that and if somebody says like oh
you're wearing that shirt again sticks yeah I like your shirt yeah which doesn't
stick at all yeah and so I think when people are in the nation stages of
their comedic ambitions they're kind of like how do I be funny and they and they
and they sit by that stream of society and they go well most important thing
is I'll sit here I'll watch some stuff and I'll try to think about like what
what I might say that would be funny about it and they're gonna tend to slide
into well what would I say that would be taken this thing apart you know a kind
of Joel McHaling the Kardashians or you know David spading the the whatever's
like and it because that's the stuff that kind of spikes on the on the EKG I
guess it's it it sticks in your memory yeah but yeah like Steve Martin I my
memory of him is like he'd come out and he would just do this like weird one
person show it was just it was just humor it was absurd and well I just think
it's easier you know it's easier to tear apart and to build you know so like
when you're trying to actually build jokes that don't do that it just takes
longer it's harder sometimes people don't don't get them right away the beauty
of Steve Martin stuff was that he was clearly intellectual but he was silly
and so we got to watch an intellect be stupid like for us and it was so crazy
to me to watch those old ones and be like this is a stadium yeah full of
people watching the guy put a arrow and he would go I'm a wild and crazy guy and
the whole place with like Madison Square Garden would cheer it's crazy you
know it's interesting though is talking about this family tree of comedy or
whatever you call it like the he was never personal he wouldn't go yeah so
here's what's going on with me neither was he political so George Carlin very
political not a lot of personal to George Carlin right like George Carlin
wouldn't like pause take a glass of water break down ago so anyways I'm
married etc Bill Cosby drew all these stories from from marriage and children
but like how transparent was it you're very personal you talk about raising an
autistic kid you talk about like like your life like I don't I have no
question about this I just like wanted to like go into that area like like when
you're if you're sitting and you're going I think I'll share this thing about
raising being a single dad raising autistic kid like are there ground rules
do you think to yourself like is my kid gonna be 30 and and and listen to this
on a hologram disc one day and get the wrong idea what are the thoughts that
go through your head in terms of filtration I probably should think more
about it and you should yeah but I just kind of I just like to talk about what I
love and I just try to talk about it with love you know I think that's been
my main goal is to make sure people you know talk about my son in particular I
just want to make sure people knew that I wasn't making fun of him and I wasn't
trying to be like oh my son has this disability and this is what's funny
about it right it's more like this is just a part of my life this is my son he
does some funny things all right and these are some just other misunderstandings
that have happened this is just a part of my life so I just always try to do
that same thing with my mom the same thing with anyone that I talk about I
just try to make sure I don't you know you know Louie CK and just making
everything you know ah my fucking kids yeah I I yeah I mean I have stuff to say
about that I like like Louie's style was is so like he would pace the stage like
a caged animal and he would talk like Charlie Brown and it had this like
viscera to it and he like but it was like is it is it bad to do that if it if if
it's not actually transparent if it's like a periscope that's bouncing off of
two mirrors is it like yeah and does any of that matter if is it hockey of
Vellion where it's like well they're they laughed so but I'm like yeah but what
if they're laughing at like because they think that you're real what if they think
that Tim Allen really does go home and go oh yeah and like like I don't know I
don't know what crimes are being committed when or what what comedy is
supposed to be I think you never want to be too far from your from you who you
are there's a thing you know with any performance and performers I'm a big
everybody who know me know I love wrestling and if any really good
wrestlers are always like a turned up version of themselves and I feel like
that's what I try to be as a performer is that like you know you're usually
catching me at my happiest at my most jovial where I'm trying to have fun is
that me 24-7 not at all right but that's when what I'm trying to put forth at
that time you know and I just try to make sure that I I think when you're you as
a human get too far away from your act that's when things start to crumble and
fall apart from you in all and life in all regards and I just that's why I
write personally and that's why I try to change up my act and I'm never I
always when I first started I always hated when I see a comedian perform and
it'd be like me and my girlfriend and then they go oh I'm single I got
married recently tell me the truth now I don't trust anything that you're
saying it is weird like I'm willing to go with you on any ride as long as you
set up the rules and then follow those fucking rules yeah it is it is weird
because they were there was that wave of stand-up where it was like it was look
we're not gestures anymore we're not we're not wearing makeup we're not
and it was even past then there was the you know past the Judy T'Nuta phase we've
had like we're I love to do that but I'm not bagging on that phase I like Bob
Goldweights but you know was part what is it was like there was that phase of
stand-up where it was like another form of purity where it was like fuck it then
we're all characters you know emo Phillips is an amazing joke writer and
like is he doing a character is he not you meet him in person you're like kind
of the same guy etc like that kind of like pedal to the metal character
comedy where you're just performing in a more more of the Steve Martin tradition
or or even like the Steve Allen or the like who was the guy with the fiddle
god damn it the Henny Youngman kind of like I'm gonna tell a joke anyways but
the coming out of that character phase going into the alternative like hands
back in the pockets look at the look at the floor and be real phase and then it
was like it the exploitation of that was I found I always found very odd when I
was younger when people would say they would purposely exploit the audience's
adaptation to the stand-up form by saying I recently got engaged in knowing
that everyone would actually applaud not because they believe in a construct but
because they actually believe you because why would you stand on a stage in a
sport jacket and tell people you got engaged unless you recently did and then
for your and then to say to a goat and like have everybody go I guess I'm a
piece of shit like seems that yeah I guess I'm just beating your dead horse
like it's like why like I always found that yeah very odd but then again I was
a terrible stand-up I could never write a joke yeah to me just be like if a
magician was showing you this trick and then I was just like no I'm just fucking
with you what was your best closer when you when you fuck you my stand-up was
horrible give me a closer give me one of your close I was 17 years old I was to
I was I was I was it was bad tropics very excited about this is you can't like
let's not even talk about it like we can't talk about it no it was give me a
closer I didn't have a fucking closer I would do a rap about masturbation nice
raps are the first way you start it would make it would make the audience
would have applaud or I mean clap their hands no thank you so I didn't rap I
did a rap I did a game show that was stupid run what was your first like
shitty closer like that my very first set I just talked about man boobs for like
ten minutes and then I was wearing a red thing because I was doing my research
right I read a thing about how people would take pantyhose and cut off the
crotch put it over their head and wear it as like a t-shirt to combat man boobs
and so then that my thing was like I would take off my shirt and I'd be
wearing that because it's personal speaking of physique you and I both
we've been we've been bigger than either of us is now is that right grammar
yeah that was yeah the beautiful you are clearly a writer do you want to do
you you you you you've been a lot bigger physically do you like I don't know
anything about your like if you had epiphanies or if you like just went on a
crash diet or what I have no idea I remember a deep past memory I don't know
why you lost or how you did it either I just started eating like shitty like
carb no carb free alcohol sugar candy bars and then like doing crack leg lifts
in my in my living room but but did you did you did you what what did you do
when and what kind of results did you get or we can see or we don't have to
make it a fitness podcast that's okay we can talk about a little bit that's why
I wasn't sure it was you at that airport I was like it looks like skinny run
punches again okay wait okay let me ask you this is an easier question about
that same topic when you see a photo of yourself from years ago okay does it
does it make you sad or happy when you see a photo of yourself where you were
like where you look way bigger than you are now in your mind's eye and so someone
goes like hey look at this photo from New Year's Eve years ago like it does it
does it what what emotional impact does that have on it's a little range of
emotions I mean I'm proud of myself for for making changes and for doing it you
know just doing the hard work to do that and that makes me proud it makes me sad
sometimes that I ever let myself get to that point because sometimes I and it's
not about the way but I can like look at the pictures and I can see my my eyes
and I can see it like oh you don't look healthy at all you know and and I just
look back and I go that was a bad time period in general just psychologically
yeah like you're smiling and you're supposedly happy but you're yeah yeah
I'm able to see and go like oh you're upset about your divorce you're worried
about your son you you're not you're healthy at all you know you worked out
once a year you know and so it's just like looking at that person and then
being like oh I feel like you're a chameleon puppy I love you you know and
but now it just makes me focused to just keep at it and be healthy and my goal is
to be I want to be my healthiest one turn I mean I'm 35 so I got you thank you
I don't wear it my success level is quick
that's the greatest compliment we can give your generation yeah fuck you yeah
you think you're doing get off my lawn that's what I am now I love it but my
goal is I just want to be my healthiest and when I turn 40 that's my goal and I
want to see and then I'm one coast from there do you have that I didn't occur to
me to ask as we were talking about hurtfulness and like oh taking down
other people hurting other people a lot of stuff but what about self abuse like
like what's your what do you struggle with any kind of like do you have the
capacity and you know like hurt yourself say bad stuff to yourself I've learned
that's been one thing I really have learned to just shy away from and I
don't really enjoy it around me like people who around me generally know
that like I don't like if you put yourself down around me I will be like
hey we don't don't do that you can do that on your own time we don't do that
here to other people yeah because I just like I don't like it I don't enjoy it I
don't I used to do it a lot but it never served anything is it because so if I
put myself down around you it are you is it just your empathy and going hey
don't put yourself down are you actually thinking you know what like Sarah
Silverman told me at one point she's like you know self-loathing and self love
or whatever the opposite supposedly is it's all the same bullshit your head
way up your ass yeah like my way that is because she was working with young me
and was like calling me out right away I was like yeah what the fuck is the
difference between you hating yourself and loving yourself it's all you go and
oh look at me and it's like who who are you to judge you you don't get the fucking
judge and to me to when it's when I talk about the people around me or people I
dated or thing around me I've always been like look I I like you I like being
around you so if you don't yeah you're telling me this stuff are you telling me
I'm wrong right like are you telling me I am a bad judge a character because one
thing I've learned from my mom and from my mom being an abusive relationship and
shit like that is if someone tells you who they are fucking believe them so if
you tell me you're a piece of shit I will believe you so you either do or don't
right yeah you may as well just yes and them because like if you don't want to
get into a tango with them where your job becomes to talk them out of it yeah
that's the way it's not gonna help them worry it's a waste of my energy where life
is rough no matter why do we have to I and our brains are so fucking powerful
you know like I can't fight you can do things that change your reality but I
can't fight your perspective for you you know right I can't fight your brain you
know Spencer who's like a really big fan of yours it's a bummer he's not here I
know I love Spencer he he said something like many years ago which is like
really like he's he we kind of plucked him out of his parents basement and took
him on tour in the that sounds about myself I know there's nothing healthy
about any of it but but I remember him like in the context of that documentary
like like actually having a valuable takeaway from it which I never got which
is you know everybody is so focused on themselves they have such shit to work
out so many things to worry about with themselves they're not you you may feel
like they're thinking about you but they're not so caught up in you and
there's there's something there that's more like it's like you can you can
understand that but realizing that IE making it real takes therapy it takes a
bit are like just go take a piss in the street like legit like you could just do
it see who stops you no one yeah go go broke and like and ask for a quarter and
see how many people are caught up in your yeah that I think that have a family
member die be a family member that dies see how quickly people move on there
they're teflon yeah you don't worry about your scrambled eggs dirtying
anyone's pan you're gonna slip right up of them it's almost worse news than you
thought but are you are you are you in therapy yeah shout out to Donna
how do you know like to do it my therapist at the end of my last couple
sessions now this is not a humble brag because I obviously need more therapy
than anybody but I my therapist last couple of sessions is she's done this
thing where she goes so you want to schedule what do you want to do you want
to schedule next week next month and I kind of like I'm wondering like is it
like a chiropractor where eventually they go like look you're you know what
you're supposed to be doing like my job isn't to do it for you 50 minutes a week
so why fucking coming in here yeah like I've tried do you go to your therapist
once a week or do you did you taper off and we taper off a little bit I was
seeing her once a week for for a little bit and then now it's been like once the
month once every few weeks just to check in every now and again or if I feel like
I need more of course I'll be like hey let's schedule so I think it's just yeah
I think it all just depends about what you need you know I kind of felt like
my personal journey like at this point from talking to her I'm like I said to
her well look I'm I think it would be a mistake for me to like go oh I'll only
come to therapy when my life is so dramatic I have something to talk to
you about because it seems like my biggest challenge right now is I need to
become a native of boredom I need to I need to stop I have the compulsion I
feel like like happiness has come to me and I have a neurological compulsion I
want to I want to make things dramatic so that I know what to do like I have a
role to play if somebody somebody tell me I'm behind schedule so I can fucking
tell them it doesn't matter and it's like now like once you get things I think
that's part of the even the therapy right like even the the transition is a
lot of it going like you gotta let go old realities and old pasts and things
that don't serve you anymore and if that's not true then then why do that if
you've worked so hard or fallen luckily into or whatever the situation be how
do you know you know I don't trust older white people how dare you not know how
hard I clawed my way up 35 year old piece of shit
I am Spartacus that's like we are we are you don't know what I've done no it's
true I mean that's what the times have been these other it's like it doesn't
really matter like privilege not privilege the one thing that we all have
in common is that someone implying that your privilege is deeply offensive to
you you can feel like you could be born on a pile of beautiful like cloud and
like it would still the most human part of you is the part of you that would be
like what are you talking about if somebody said to you hey you you you've
had it good like like the part of you that was like fuck what fuck you know
that would be the one part of you that's connected to everybody else which is
deeply unfortunate I I'm still trying to get accustomed to that I it's like like
that this underdog story that I've crafted for myself you know like
everybody's an underdog in comedy we were just talking about that a minute ago
it's like yeah that matter that's what I've been trying to transition from is
that you you work so hard especially if you're you don't live in LA you're like
I want to get here get here get here and then like I have my story and it's like
well every fucking person that made it to where you are has a story so your story
doesn't matter it's almost like thank God for some of the most horrible people
in the world thank God for incels thank God but for actually like taking that
off of the plate taking that out of the buffet because you can't be outraged
about it's like oh that has a voice that has a face and it's not funny it's not
heroic it's not noble the idea that oh you the you your unfuckability is
hilarious yeah or dramatic yeah or a story at all maybe your unfuckability is
just a thing that you need to work on yeah I it is about something get a craft
get a passion as we look back through our comedic archive what we see are
things that would one day become manifestos of terrorists who like played
out as like hilarious 10-minute stand-up sets in front of a brick wall well
that's dramatic well I guess what I'm saying is comedy does not age well and
the extent to which it does not age well increases by six years per month yeah
run like you've been doing stand-up for a long time do you look back at like
jokes that you did a long time ago and that shit that just didn't age well that
you like is there anything you regret or have you always kept it pretty like like
you didn't cross anything any art form right if you don't look back at it and
go oh I fucking in better now and I wish I'd done things better now you're not
growing so it's like that's just part of it and I think I mean but I don't go
back and go like oh I used to be a Nazi no I might not have been as good at
communicating what I was doing I thought you were really funny back in your
Nazi era I mean politics aside it was actually just great craftsmanship thank
you yeah Philip Glass you know if you listen to if you if you decode his
numeric symphonies these days it actually ciphers into a horrible condemnation of
his earliest works he's like what was I thinking and there's just thought that
I don't know I just know like the Beastie boy your joke was the Philip Glass of
jokes I just wanted to pick an artist I that would be funny if Philip Glass was
like I'm sorry I didn't know what I was doing like he was like I'm sorry that was
really bad of me oh when you went yeah what was I doing all right so you got
your we got your comedy central special which we were gonna plug in now we're
plugging we're plugging go back and watch it oh yeah on the website I want
to talk about this I follow you on Instagram so I see these clips of you
doing this getting better thing getting better that's the only way I'm
familiar with it what is that it's my podcast I just talked to people that I
like sometimes it's my mom I've never been on it oh don't make it like that
from the get-go doesn't I'm just setting you up one of your he talks to
people that he likes yeah I know I know thank you I just talked to people and
asked them about their process about getting better he talks to cool people
he talks to people that are awesome yeah he talks but he wants to hang out with
on a because I see from the clips I see the themes do seem to surround actually
getting better not just idle chit-chat like you actually are specifically
talking to people about self-improvement yeah how they were worse than they are
now and what where they got to and how they and how they got there and where
they want to go to and they continue struggles from achieving your dreams
and then having new dreams or health things or or whatever I talked to a lot
of different people about different things but can you give me any tips as
an interviewer I don't know if that wiggle dances earned
good chemistry I'd make a pretty good guess I think yeah please come on it's
too late I invited myself I'll never come on you can't ask to be on getting
better exactly that's why I don't want to ever be on it I'm getting worse well
then definitely don't come I'm your magneto now I will be out in the street
crushing Nazi heads because of a weird projection I have thank you ma'am
well please fill my collection with Danny poody we've had he's been Nicole
Brown you can you come we help fill fill in that world yeah yeah but are you
about the production itself because it's on video what how does the are you
producing it with anybody no it's just all me it's not making any money
set up a camera and a tripod yeah yeah just in my office we put on YouTube and
iTunes it looks and sounds perfect thank you ma'am producers really good he's a
good job that's why he's the only one that makes my you did Dan okay you're
not gonna be on the show I don't I already said I don't want to be that's
why these compliments don't try to neck me and to be in on the show I have you
oh you think I don't want to talk to a successful weirdo about his weird
success never ever let's let's talk to Rob Schrab about something yes sitting
over here languishing you've been very quiet it's kind of like I want to try
to be better is it because you go in the reddit and you read don't go on the
reddit I don't have to reddit comes to me how in what form no and just I don't
know it's just I what I always tell people don't go on the reddit there's
an interesting topic like do you do you do you peruse do you self-google do you
I don't usually self-google sometimes you find things randomly just on accident
somebody reviewed my special and I didn't like it cuz they they I don't care
about I mean that you let people do what they want but I didn't like the fact
that they they were like I think this guy is a phony and I think this guy isn't
who he says he is and then they call my son and then they go I know even though
I never met him and then they and then they call my son weird and then I was
like fuck you I'm gonna fucking get your face online so they got they got they
got I don't want to say they got you or triggered yeah they triggered me and then
they were just happy because this was the first time anyone had fucking read
their articles and so I was like oh I fucking it was an article where they
semi legit no it was some guy I would say first for real it was paced magazine
which is not mean who cares exactly what is it well I died I died we care now
but the calm I didn't interview the shit with them before and the main comedy
guy had always been cool with so it kind of that's what reason kind of triggered
me I guess that guy went on vacation and they had an assistant comedy reviewer
who was some open Michael and he just fucking was like oh that answers every
question doesn't he also said that he felt the only generations only good
comic was Lisa Lampinelli which it's just a weird thing to say I love Lisa
Lampinelli it's a weird thing to say whether you love Lisa or not yeah
because it's like a weird thing why do you get to review comedy then yeah and
why what how is that how is the art of the critic like supportive of the idea
of like well here's the empirical statement will make well then you're not
a very good critic are you not at all you're more of a weird scientist who's
like practicing a medicine that doesn't exist his whole summary will he when he
tweeted it out was like I reviewed Ron punches comedy special which was okay I
was like that is not a review either like it or not like it just saying it's
okay it's just you're a fucking milk toast piece of shit yeah so it triggered
me so to ask you a question yeah sometimes I look but do you just so do
you just so then do you do you pull back from that as a matter of yeah my
girlfriend's really good at that she tried to make me realize how blessed I am
and how good I have it and to just she's like these people are just trying to
knock you off your course and leave it alone this is something feel wrong about
that that that like as a person who wants to hold a microphone and connect with
people that you then by virtue of your chosen path that you in order to do it
well that you're not allowed to do what regular ass people do which is go on
right at yeah I don't like it oh I don't like this I always like I mean I
still occasionally would do it because I just like to remind people that we're
human beings I'm a person just like you you can't just tell me you can't just say
anything to me or you can just you're right but I will respond to you right but
then the whole thing but then it becomes stupid because then you respond and then
I see you know there's some fucking blog there's like oh man you've gone round bunches is on a
tirade and then people like who the fuck is round bunches goddamn man hey sunny
I'm older than you yeah I've like any any fight that is the fucking worst when
you're like like the reddit was like cuz you would your inbox and then you would
just go like hey what if you just respond to go human being over here or
whatever and then it was like oh shit this did make a really handy like click
and drag over to look over here to what Dan Harmon said to a fan they're like
well not I didn't mean it oh fuck yeah one thing out and then is everything else
I don't know what I don't know what I'm still dealing with this shit like I
don't know what yeah you deleted your shit for a while I deleted my Twitter yeah
I deleted my Twitter the morning why Dan I deleted my Twitter the morning that
James Gunn got fired because the headline was James Gunn gets fired for
nine for tweets from nine years ago and I was like nope not not why I signed up
for Twitter not why I fucking worked for nine years and I spent I wrote my
limo to San Diego to Comic-Con that weekend archiving all my tweets and
then deleting my baller yeah and I was so happy I spent the entire Comic-Con
going I people go like how you doing I'm like I'm fucking good like I just
deleted my Twitter cut they're like what and I'm like yeah I fucking James Gunn
thing just like made me go this is not I don't want to fucking deal with this all
the shit and then I came back home and like got on Instagram and there was an
Instagram comment from somebody saying hey just letting you know sure don't kill
a messenger but everyone's saying that you deleted your Twitter account because
you're a pedophile and you did this thing and all this stuff and and and then
I like found out about this like it was like like these like like four chain
people like I deleted my Twitter account yes because James Gunn got fired so
therefore go ahead and link it to yeah and I did it was it was like they were
like why did Dan Harmon just deleted his Twitter account and then someone goes
why did he do that what does he have to hide lol and then someone responded with
maybe this and then they started pushing it out and my account was already
deleted so I was like oh fuck what okay what do I do phone ringing off the hook
publicist like lawyers it's everybody are you a pedophile how are we gonna deal
with this so and I was I was in the back alley of this show there's a show I
wish I could mark the episode because I came out here because the decision was
it for the first time in my life and that's why it's all this stuff it makes
me so sad because my my entire MO was always be as honest as possible always
be honest and for the first time in my life the way to fight dishonesty was to
say nothing and it just hurts so bad and I like came out here but it was the
right decision after 48 hours of like you wouldn't believe the fucking calls
like hey Dan it's me Mike Thompson I got I got crisis interventionist the
Stafford Leo Maffop nothing he's a bit of a like people that are like hey so
listen here's the thing like does anybody know for sure you're a pedophile
like what are you talking about none of this is real like like just let me tell
people you've got any pictures of you not touching kid
meanwhile the 48 hour clock goes by so the New York Times the thing that made
me lose hope in all of humanity was the day that the New York Times who had
contacted my publicist for a comment about it they're like hey what's going
on with this thing and my publicist said he's not commenting right now because
I'm sitting in my kitchen like on a speakerphone going like okay so what do
I do to not get fired by a cartoon network AT&T all this stuff like what
are we doing how do we coordinate how do I get Cartoon Network to say we support
him so that they don't pull a Disney so that we don't continue this fucking
slide and and we're brokering apologies and I finished brokering one in back
appropriately by the fucking dumpster and behind this theater and then came out
on this stage and did a show where I said nothing and it basically said
nothing until now and but but it was like in the 48 hours where so his Twitter
account is deleted and so then it's like the story is like Dan Harmon
deletes his Twitter account after video surfaces of him fucking a baby doll
nine years ago oh yeah I remember this and it was like no that's not true Dan
Harmon deletes his Twitter account therefore video surfaces but how
complicated is that story well the New York Times like that was the point was
like the New York Times like like just kind of ran with that story like
inherent in the headline like Dan Harmon deletes Twitter account after video
surfaces because they they got that from Breitbart from but like all of these
people it was like yeah cause effect timeline to it I'm like no Dan Harmon
deletes Twitter account because James Gunn got fired for tweeting about fucking
kids and Dan Harmon knows that he's not gonna stand up to that test and Dan
Harmon wants nothing to do with Twitter anymore and once Dan Harmon leaves it's
time to hit that pinata on the way out the door so Dan Harmon regrets leaving
Twitter in the first place because he didn't know that you could shudder your
window to fucking crystal knocked and have people just kick in your door like
I like but there's no way to like come out and scream that without making things
worse making things more clickable and the only way to win that fight which a
fight I never wanted to have is to be silent yeah which is something I've
never done wait for the next thing to come along like like it was like oh so
this is how you living well as best revenge just just grin and bear it don't
fuel the fire don't kick up dust around it your contract's not signed yet all
this stuff it was like like like like this isn't well then what am I then then
what age have we entered where where honesty is no longer the best policy
where the people whose names on their accounts on social media are the same as
their birth certificate the people who say what went on with them yesterday for
real are like their word is weighed less than hordes of people with fake accounts
that just want to like if you if enough dust gets kicked up around you on the
internet you can get fired I I really I remain to this day every night I sit in
bed playing cookie collector and Minecraft and just thinking about it I
have no idea where to file it I don't know how to feel yeah people get shot
though so who cares I mean yeah so so I mean good point so we've entered an
era where I have to go from being happy about being honest to being thankful I'm
not shot yet yeah that's where we are that's really where we are as a country
that feels real real bad it does my favorite part though I know is I do I
don't mean to just kind of not be empathetic to what you're going through
because that is horrible and I've only experienced it a very small way and I
know how it made me feel and how did you get like well what are you referring to
not just people just talking a lot of trash and you are just particular in
people like you know who you say you are I'm like I don't know how to prove this
or make you think who I am who I am and so it's just small things but my thing
my favorite part about this story is that that you there was a moment that you
must have had where you were this James Gunn thing came out and then you went oh
shit there's a video of me fucking a baby dog actually that was the last thing on
my mind no no I didn't think about that at all I was I was surprised I was like
oh that video I was like damn I did a good job mixing that sound if we go
through a channel 101 stuff we all committed loads of crimes no I totally
forgot about that I had deleted that video I shot that video in the community
offices it was 2009 I was like it's a month after it was on channel 101 I was
like that needs to come down if I'm going to be in the business that Tina Fey
is in like I am not I am a political figure now invisible I need to not be
doing this anymore I'm not Johnny Rotten anymore I can't I took it down and
someone but someone had someone had some admirable fucking like Captain Crunch
kept it in there Davy Jones locker for all that time next to their Crunch
berries I was what I was thinking was more much more appropriately was nine
years of tweets I was I wasn't thinking about videos I was thinking about nine
years of being actively reacting to society in the moment no way I'm gonna
hold up to that test no absolutely not yeah none of us really I mean maybe me so
I thought maybe you yeah I thought briefly about like the idea of going
through and like going this one know that one know that one and then it was
like no no no that would take three years to go through nine years of tweets
and go oh this one no no and I was like no the only right thing to do here is
like abscond that's been one of the kind of like greatest tricks that's been
played in the last few years is the shift of responsibility like it was our
job not to necessarily be reckless and again to not be harmful and calls calls
pain but our job to test boundaries and have fun and to just say whatever
reckless thing that we're say and then we're supposed to be checked in by the
real people who are in charge and now it's like the people who are in charge
just say whatever the fuck and they lie and they do whatever and no one really
checks that and it's just like no you we're screwing nice you know but by the
end of day it kind of lets me know that it's all kind of pointless because like
if if it really had a power like then there'd be so many powerful people who
have been already like truly powerful people who had been taken down by you
know like I'll give it some time I'm okay I'll be patient I mean it is pretty
easy to get somebody fired right now we haven't changed that part of our culture
that depends on their value I believe like if people it's like any sports team
you should be like they should not be able to get fired because a bunch of
people on Twitter well I mean I ideally I'm talking about yeah I'm saying like
like what your mailman shouldn't get fired because he tweets something that
goes viral that I just in an ideal universe that shouldn't be the case
so many things like well you can go with that though because then by that stance
if some if a cop that's like a racist cop knows to tweet out racist things
shouldn't should they be held accountable for that I mean that's that's
dumb applause no that's I mean a cop is like yeah it's like bring it back to
mailman so I can control this but it's no that's I mean we talked about did you
like the weatherman I made the joke because the weatherman that stumbled
over Martin Luther King's name and did you cognizant of that and I was like oh
you didn't know about that it was like he he there was there was actually two
separate guys it was like he was trying he said tried to say Martin Luther
King's name because he was saying like by the way there's a celebration in this
park or whatever he said he said Coon instead of King and like while he was
saying the name and it went viral and the weatherman lost his job and I am like
is that how we find out people are racist and then I made the joke of like
isn't that the one job where you could safely be racist as a weatherman yeah
like what are you gonna do yeah like are you gonna not tell Mexican people it's
raining you're like see I still I could still do stand up if I the white
weather's okay 78 degrees again but you about I mean obviously yeah they say
great it's like we don't we we want we we want our cops to not be racist
obviously that's a truism therefore if a cop in his private life is on social
media and and reflects racism on his Facebook page with some post or even a
retweet then it's yeah it's rough it's just a slippery slope we're dealing with
new problems it's fun yeah I hope it stays fun I I don't want to live in a
world where it where the people that are in control of who profits who's plugged
into the the hive mind and who's excommunicated where I worry about
buying a ticket to this ride where it's and we've already seen I feel like the
nefarious among us let's call them right wing people people who are nihilistic a
little bit about politics and ideology and the way that we interact with media
that they can actually hack as it were the leftist mindset by for instance
saying hey what if I were to tell you that this person by your definitions is
technically this or that wouldn't you want them to then by your own rules
suffer or divide or compartmentalized and they're enjoying that right now and
it's really distressing to watch them troll yeah so what and I guess I I can
predict what you're gonna say is yeah it's it's fun no that's not fun okay I
predicted wrong yeah no it's not fun I mean there's lessons to be learned and
just that like and overcoming that and I think overall like it gets so
complicated when you break it down into like like all that type of stuff was
right wing and social media but at the end of the day it's all about
separatism it's all about trying to separate people from from so that they
just stay in these little boxes so that a small amount of people can screw the
rest of us over so if you just like whether I'm going like oh I don't
trust you because you're a white man or you don't trust me because I'm black or
women doesn't feel safe around around anyone then then like that's just
keeping us all separate and that's all allowing us to be taken advantage of it's
it's it's through unity and through through quality and through diversity that
we're that we are able to fight those things and then you you can be like well
I wouldn't believe those things about that person you know and maybe the best
way to prove for ourselves if there was if you could call it a battle between
those two sides the the best way to to proof to prepare for that battle is for
the individual to have a funschian kind of like I'm not I'm probably not gonna
judge this person like so much like like like like if we if we don't get caught up
in the timber chopped down this tree I heard that this thing is happening so
let's off with their head oh yeah no I hate that I I've never been in the
business of throwing people away or calling people monsters I think that's
one that's another tool to separate people we're all capable of horrible
choices and horrible decisions and you have to have and I'm not saying that you
you excuse someone's actions excuse what they've done but to act as if you're
better or you're right to grab that ticket isn't that kind of like not to
over I'm doing a writer habit here I'm trying to connect it to the beginning
mm-hmm that guy in that park when you're having your epiphany who's being
abusive to his charges is going like you fucking people I'm like that guy felt
licensed to be abusive to his mental health flock because he felt like oh
I'm I've got the high ground here yeah and we're gonna continue to be tempted in
that direction like we're always gonna be told as primates by Twitter by Newsweek
by this ringing thing in our pocket we're gonna constantly being told hey
there's somebody out there that's worse than you that you could punch down on
right now if you take this opportunity or they're trying to take what you have
or trying to stop you from getting your goals and at the end of the day like you
you meet so many people that you're like we all have the same goals we all just
kind of want the same shit no matter what we all just want to be happier and
make a little bit more money and have more time with our fucking family and do
vacations and shit and work less we all just want to pool yeah maybe one more
bedroom yeah I love one more bedroom one day we get DJ equipment that I won't
use there should be a political party or the chant is one more bedroom yeah like
if you have a one bedroom apartment don't you want one more bedroom yes you
do if you have a six bedroom mansion don't wouldn't you like that seven
bedrooms yeah I'm sure you would yeah if I want a little bit more what time is it
how what what what what what makes me a good host it's 930 it was Schrab yes blow
me off that was a blow off it's not a blow off I'm doing what you asked
Schrab scud 25 years anniversary thank you very much I've one of my pet peeves is
when somebody's Instagram feed is a thousand things over and over but I've
been really enjoying all of the fan art that that the people have done for your
it's pretty amazing it's fucking great I'm the catch up a mustard one with the
somebody that's Joey Garfield that's Joey Garfield Joey Garfield from their first years Ron I did a comic book with Dan
like back in 1994 and it was the reason why we moved out here and it just turned
25 last last Tuesday it's the only comic book it's the only comic book that I've
ever actually read I'm not a comic book guy but I love scud like you give me the
dominant buses and the whole thing it's it's beautifully drawn it's it's it's
it's it's really wonderful it's it's very you it's it's what was it called it's
called scud the disposable assassin oh and then they made a video game out of they
did it was not good game no it was not there were two games there was there was
the game you played and there was a PC version both were terrible but it's cool
yeah but you have a game made a side scroller it was a side scrolling game
like when doom and Duke Nukem was hitting the scene yeah it was like about yeah
bad timing but no it's it was it's very cool to watch all the like all the fans
do their version of the artwork it it's because it's really like it kind of
choked me up if it's very yeah yeah well I gotta say you know not to play the bad
guy but scud the scud the disposable assassin is like it takes place in a
future where you can buy a robot assassin out of a vending machine and you can
assign it a target and then once it finishes killing the target itself
destructs kind of a rip off of mr. Meeseeks yeah oh shit you fire you
fucking stole scud it wasn't my idea who's was it no it was mine just a Justin
was Justin consciously or unconscious I don't know nobody nobody recognized it
like I think later on it was like a fair amount of fan so you saw them making
your money and the opening up book scud kills his target and then is washing
off his hands in the bathroom and sees his reflection in the mirror and reads
the warning on the back that says will this unit will self-destruct upon
termination so he goes out and has to kill everybody as a as a like a hit man
for hire to keep his first target alive like a life support system yeah the
paper the hospital bills yes so so is it Jeff is a character who's Jeff Jeff is
the demon monster name after your brother not me no yeah yeah and so he
all the episodes him going out and being a gun for hire to keep the life
support going on the first person so he doesn't die right and he falls in love
with susudio yes who looks exactly like Kate your wife oh yeah nice round
punches I don't offer this to every podcast guest okay how would you like a
free comic book I like it based off of a shitty video game and episode of rack
and Marty is there a kind of podcast that you would have rather been on like
whether it's a fishing podcast or like is there like a fantasy podcast you're
like you know like I do my Ron punches thing and it would have been nice if I
could ever be a guest on X kind of podcast like like let us fulfill your
fantasy oh okay I guess I was you were you got something I'm waiting on you okay
I thought you were a podcast it doesn't put you on the spot yeah I didn't know
about well I'll do something I will you think of the answer I'll do a one-man
show about I heard a plumbing do you want do you want theme music to this or
no if there's an intro if you want one man show about plumbing one man show
about plumbing just think about your thing hey I'm here to check the pipes
plumbing okay I just I'll just do I'll look oh look at all these plungers
for people who want to subscribe to the podcast right now visually there's a
lot happening five dollars a month oh mama me is that's a monster turd coming
out of there oh is this you trying to talk run into wanting to be on this
podcast or not wanting to be on I'm giving Ron time to think about the kind
of podcast you'd want to be on okay now but but you can't be that captivating
he's gonna be distracted never well inevitably the answer is gonna be I
don't want to cue you but you're gonna be like actually Dan this was the pot
because of the work I do but I don't want to I don't want to you're gonna be
like actually you just did the podcast that I wish I was on but don't feel free
to not do that hey whoa hey there's a treasure map in here go down inside to
find a treasure oh excuse me what it's not a map hey this ain't no map it's like
instructions I better go down
do do do do do do do do do do do do hey this place is real dark and spooky oh a
severed woman's head what the fuck who would dispose of a woman's head by
putting it on a ledge I better keep looking down this
sewer pipe my god whoa appendages I wonder if they belong to the woman whose
head that was I better think about calling the police but I got a warrant
out on me you don't become a plumber without having a dark past and my
fingerprints and foot boots are all over this place foot boots I better call
my friend yeah hey it's me I got a bit of a problem here mm-hmm okay yeah
listen I went on a job and found a note slash map okay okay good went down the
toilet uh-huh went into a some kind of underground area okay yeah found the
dismembered parts of a crime victim who say no more where are you I got a piece
of paper I'm in the tunnels underneath the 123 North Wabash all right all right
I want you to do me a favor destroy that map slash instruction page hey and then
I want you to open the head there's a coin in there way whoa hey whoa open the
head there's a coin in there hey Luigi yeah you know a little bit more about
this than I thought you'd know huh I got a hunch there's a coin you've got a
hunch it sounds like you've got a chain of evidence
Louie we go back here I'll wait open up the head and just just see if there's a
coin in there Luigi I okay I'll wait hello hello hello hello hello hello he's
saying hello then we will name him Mario oh hello hello hello I don't know
what that was what kind of podcast would you rather be on I've always want to be
on a podcast where a guy does a one-man show about plumbing and then does it
again but not using any of that same material all right all right happy to
abide you does it so the same things happen no you just a plumber okay okay hey I'm a plumber hello okay well welcome to vendor home vendor
home vendor home the home with its own brain would you like some coffee plumber
hey hey whoa your coffee geez would you like a cup you selected number one dad
here's your cup oh hey number one dad hey hey usually sister Mary Anthony's the
one that gets my coffee everywhere sorry I did not get that yeah it's just a
little bit of Italian character I like your coffee thank you vendor home and
the plumber and I'm here to fix the toilet please follow the blinking lights on
the floor to the toilet area okay yeah all things considered rather be in
Philadelphia please please open the door to your right mother Mary Magdalene I'm
them to home oh I need my plumbing fix oh locking doors closing blinds recalling
satellite dishes oh whoa shutting sunroof oh closing moonroof oh oh different
things the moon would you like some coffee hmm hey look I got a job
description I'm just here to fix my plumbing yeah hey look hope you didn't
get the wrong idea I'm just a plumber plumber plumber yeah I'm vendor home
yeah fix my ass is your it's broken is it plumbing it's supposed to be are you
a robot no no okay all right don't ask questions don't deny no I'm a full
grown naked man okay all right okay all right oh hey no wrong answers fix your
ass will you quit will you fix it real good gogo Mario torch helmet you've
selected number one dead oh whoa hey oh this place is a real belly of the
proverbial wild goddamn Amelia Earhart's airplane submarine from World War two
whoa and a giant penny oh a giant penny from the penny pilfer from the Batman
mythology oh a giant penny always in the back cave usually from his battles with
that character little bit of DC trivia oh so I failed us I failed to see what's
broken down here I'm leveling my expert eye at the surroundings and everything
seems come see come sigh you know what I'm saying oh no oh no here comes the
problem oh oh here comes the problem oh here comes the problem hey here comes
the problem okay mom dad
oh yeah what couldn't have meant you should see the other guy okay so is that
that's pretty good I mean look as we we here in Harmontown accept the
possibility that that wasn't four cylinders if having seen it you want
another you want one more what time is it how do you end a show I never know
how we just did well that was a pretty good closer
uh giggle fit yeah Google it Google it Google everything punches related yeah just give me a Google and then support me financially follow follow
Instagram around punches and like wait how do they find your podcast is getting
better podcast yeah Google getting better with Ron found Ron punches is like my
favorite thing that I'm doing I like it a lot people seem to be getting stuff out
of it it's fun you that's fantastic come by no no no I won't accept that
invitation okay I'll come by over my own dead body but I know I do I mean I just
like the idea I like that I like that theme song I like the idea of talking
to people that's me I sing it yeah yeah I didn't think it was I thought you
were professional but that's me run like a couple times I've been on the road
doing my gigs and you had been at the theater before us like the Wilbur in
Boston or whatever and everybody that is like I always asked when I go to a
theater so who was cool that was here recently and your name comes up a lot
and people always love the fact that you were in the building and that like
everybody is always happy that like you left joy in your wake so that's that's a
cool thing it's a thing to aspire to if you're under 35 46 and you've left
nothing but scorched earth in your wake let's give it up for everybody think
we're going to harm it Rob Schrab let's give a shout out to Donna the
therapist church making the photos good Zach making the beats wrap I'm your
comptroller Jeff Davis let's give it up for Schrab and your mayor Dan Harmon Dave
Klein wearing a big hat can we all go to you oh yeah I love you all drive fast
take chances thank you that put a beat on
did you get any of that